docs: Add 2024-08-08 meeting notes (#525)
eslint/tsc-meetings: notes/2024/2024-08-08.md

## Attending

- Nicholas C. Zakas (@nzakas) - TSC
- Francesco Trotta (@fasttime) - TSC

@nzakas moderated, and @sam3k took notes.

## Topics

### Statuses

* **@nzakas:**  been working on the [Markdown language plugin](https://github.com/eslint/markdown/pull/268), the [alternate config lookup RFC](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/pull/18742), the [JSON language plugin](https://github.com/eslint/json/pull/15), and the [plugin-kit package](https://github.com/eslint/rewrite/pull/99).

* **@fasttime:** been busy most of the time with triaging and reviewing issues. Just did some work in `eslint/rewrite` to update the TS types.

### [feat: relative cache support](https://github.com/eslint/rfcs/pull/114)

**Resolution:** the team is waiting on @jaredwray to implement the last feedback requests.

### [feat: support additional metadata for rule deprecations](https://github.com/eslint/rfcs/pull/116)

**Resolution:** we've requested someone to volunteer to finish this RFC and @DMartens has volunteered to do so.

### Label `repro:needed` missing in `eslint/code-explorer` and `eslint/eslint.org`

The tag is supposed to get created the first time the template is used; but it was not created.

> **Resolution:** @fasttime will add the label to these two repos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Resolution:** @fasttime will add the label to repos that require it in their GitHub issue template.
```

### Code Explorer Status

> @nzakas: I'd like to get the outstanding bugs I've found fixed before releasing. So, that will hopefully be next week. Then we can announce at least the JSON plugin along with it. It would be nice to also announce the Markdown plugin, if you have time to review that PR.

**Action Items:** @fasttime will review the Markdown plugin over the weekend

### Language Plugin Status

> @nzakas: the language plugin stuff is coming along nicely. We'll need to update `@types/eslint` to include it. I can try to do that but I may need your help.

**Action Items:**

* @nzakas: will update type definitions in `@types/eslint` and `eslint/markdown`
* @fasttime: will update `@eslint/core` so it can export CommonJS type declarations; and then see if we can update `@types/eslint` to use our own types

### [Contributor Pool for July 2024](https://github.com/issues?q=org%3Aeslint+label%3A%22contributor+pool%22+merged%3A2024-07-01..2024-07-31)

> - @ota-meshi: $100 for #18630
> - @akulsr0: $200 for #586

Reviewer: To link to the proper repos:

```suggestion
- @ota-meshi: $100 for eslint/eslint#18630
- @akulsr0: $200 for eslint/eslint.org#586
```

### Scheduled release for August 9th, 2024

**Action Items:**

- @nzakas will:

>   - Follow up with the NPM team to try to get the previous release unpublished

Reviewer: The previous release would be v9.8.0, so it's better to specify:

```suggestion
  - Follow up with the NPM team to try to get the `@eslint/js@10.0.0` release unpublished
```
